update circuits to float40 (#49)
hermeznetwork/docs: docs/developers/protocol/hermez-protocol/protocol.md

#### TransferToEthAddr

> Sender sends the transaction to a Ethereum address recipient in the state tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sender sends the transaction to an Ethereum address recipient in the state tree.
```

> If the recipient does not exist and coordinator wants to process the transaction, coordinator should create a new account with the recipient Ethereum address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the recipient does not exist and the coordinator wants to process the transaction, coordinator should create a new account with the recipient's Ethereum address.
```

It is assumed that the `toIdx` is set to the special index 0.
`toEthAddr` would be used to choose a recipient to transfer the `amountFloat40`.
Hence, coordinator would select the recipient `idx` to add `amountFloat40` (called `auxToIdx`).

> Note that this transaction encourages the coordinator to create new accounts through the L1 coordinator transaction [CreateAccountEth](#createaccounteth).

> > It is important to mention that this kind of transaction allows the creation of new accounts in the state tree without the need of having any `ether` on L1. Hence, users could create new accounts and deposit tokens just through an L2 transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is important to mention that this kind of transaction allows for the creation of new accounts in the state tree without needing to have any `ether` on L1. Hence, users could create new accounts and deposit tokens just through an L2 transaction.
```

Hence, coordinator would select the recipient `idx` to add `amountFloat40` (called `auxToIdx`).

> Note that this transaction encourages the coordinator to create new accounts through the L1 coordinator transaction [CreateAccountBjj](#createaccountbjj).

> > It is important to mention that this kind of transaction allows for the creation of new accounts in the state tree without the need of having any `ether` on L1. Hence, users could create new accounts and deposit tokens just through an L2 transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is important to mention that this kind of transaction allows for the creation of new accounts in the state tree without needing to have any `ether` on L1. Hence, users could create new accounts and deposit tokens just through an L2 transaction.
```
